clarify wallet invocation when credential offer is sent (#246)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

# Credential Offer Endpoint {#credential-offer-endpoint}

> Credential Offer Endpoint is used by a Credential Issuer that is already interacting with an End-User who wishes to initiate a Credential issuance. It is used to pass available information relevant for the Credential issuance to ensure a convenient and secure process as defined in (#credential-offer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet exposes the Credential Offer Endpoint, enabling the Credential Issuer to pass the Credential Offer to the Wallet, thereby initiating the Credential Issuance process. In this way, the Credential Issuer, which an End-User interacts with, uses Credential Offer to pass to the Wallet information necessary for convenient and secure Credential Issuance process defined in (#credential-offer) .
```

I would apply this change and in the line below indicated that there are several strategies Credential Offer Endpoint strategies like link, custom scheme, qr code  and so on.

Credential Offer Endpoint can take one of the following values:

- A case sensitive URL using the `https` scheme that contains scheme, host and, optionally, port number and path components, but no query or fragment components.
- Custom URL scheme. For example, `openid-credential-offer://` as defined in (#client-metadata-retrieval).
- Domain-bound Universal Links/App link.

> - No specific value. The issuer displays a QR code containing the Credential Offer, which the user can scan with a manually opened Wallet, or an arbitrary camera application on the user-device.

Reviewer 2: I know that our Android wallet app has a "Scan QR code" option inside it, so this definitely works. I "think" that our IoS phone allowed the camera to scan the QR code and then it automatically launched the wallet app, but I am no longer able to test this.

> - No specific value. The issuer displays a QR code containing the Credential Offer, which the user can scan with a manually opened Wallet, or an arbitrary camera application on the user-device.

Reviewer 3: I think my conclusion (after asking on the WG calls) was that this 'No specific value' option isn't used by anyone so I think we should omit it (both here and in VP).

I think the only thing people might be doing is potentially ignoring the custom scheme when scanning a QR code in a wallet. Seems reasonable to mention that wallets might choose to do that.

> - No specific value, user scanning a QR code with Credential Offer using a manually opened Wallet, instead of an arbitrary camera application on a user-device (neither of other options are used).

Reviewer 2: No specific value. The issuer displays a QR code containing the Credential Offer, which the user can scan with a manually opened Wallet, or an arbitrary camera application on the user-device.

Author: love the suggestion! thank you.

```suggestion
- No specific value. The issuer displays a QR code containing the Credential Offer, which the user can scan with a manually opened Wallet, or an arbitrary camera application on the user-device.
```

How to obtain Credential Offer Endpoint is described in (#client-metadata-retrieval).

## Credential Offer {#credential-offer}

> The Credential Issuer sends Credential Offer using one of the following mechanisms:

Reviewer 2: sends the Credential Offer

Author: ```suggestion
The Credential Issuer sends the Credential Offer using one of the following mechanisms:
```

> - Render a link that the End-User can click resulting in an HTTP GET request to the Credential Offer Endpoint.

Reviewer 3: I don't think there is any reason to restrict this to a link. (A button would be fine.)

I think something like "Sends the user agent to the Credential Offer Endpoint" (i.e. similar language to how OAuth 2 talks about the redirect url) is sufficient, which covers all possible cases include a HTTP redirect. (It'd be fine to include "For example, a link ... or a HTTP redirect...".)

Reviewer 4: I agree that this has to changed. But opening a native app is technically not sending the user agent to the credential offer endpoint. It is also not following a redirect nor a HTTP GET request. 

What about:

```suggestion
- Render a link that the End-User can click resulting in following the link to the Credential Offer Endpoint.
```

> - Render a QR code that can be scanned by the End-User using a Wallet.

Reviewer 2: using a Wallet or camera on the user's device.

Author: ```suggestion
- Render a QR code that can be scanned by the End-User using a Wallet or camera on the user's device.
```
